c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.xr.xml
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.exe
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.pdb
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\AppleAcres.exe
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\AppleAcres.pdb
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.xr.xml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.exe
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.pdb
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\AppleAcres.exe
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\AppleAcres.pdb
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.xr.xml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.exe
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.pdb
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\AppleAcres.exe
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\AppleAcres.pdb
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\123\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.xr.xml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.exe
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.pdb
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\AppleAcres.exe
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\AppleAcres.pdb
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\TryAgainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\TryAgainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\TryAgainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\TryAgainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\TryAgainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\GamePage.xbf
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\GamePage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\GamePage.g.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\GamePage.xaml
C:\Users\Илья\Desktop\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\GamePage.xbf
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\App.xbf
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\GamePage.xbf
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\TryAgainPage.xbf
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.xr.xml
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.exe
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.pdb
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\resources.pri
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\AppleAcres.build.appxrecipe
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\GamePage.g.i.cs
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\GamePage.g.cs
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\TryAgainPage.g.i.cs
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\TryAgainPage.g.cs
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.xaml
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\GamePage.xaml
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\TryAgainPage.xaml
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\App.xbf
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\GamePage.xbf
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\TryAgainPage.xbf
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\AppleAcres.exe
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\AppleAcres.pdb
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\MainMenu.xbf
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MainMenu.g.i.cs
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MainMenu.g.cs
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MainMenu.xaml
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\MainMenu.xbf
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\Facebook.dll
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\Facebook.xml
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\AppleAcres.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\TextPage.g.i.cs
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\TextPage.g.cs
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\TextPage.xaml
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\TextPage.xbf
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\bin\Debug\TextPage.xbf
B:\prog\AJ\AppleAcres\AppleAcres\obj\Debug\AppleAcres.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
